[Music]
hello America a mat stool CEO jewel the
makers of America's favorite electronic
cigarettes we've recently come under
fire for advertisements targeting young
children and has to face this company I
just want to tell you we are so sorry we
would never market the developing brains
of America's future because bottom line
that's what children are they're our
future
so as a special apology would like to
issue all jewel users a free pack of our
expanded flavors that means you get
cherry berry unicorn blue raspberry
rainbow and minecraft minecraft'
that's a game what the hell what would
minecraft tastes like it tastes earthy
oh I have never seen blue raspberry
marketed to anyone over the age of 10 I
like blue raspberry no you don't I think
children barely like blue raspberry boy
you got a dump it got dumped all of it
yeah all my jewels stock
I don't care partially invested is fine
this we got maybe less than a week hold
on sorry we a jewel know that adults
love our product but don't want the
hassle of keeping their ecig arete s--
away from kids which is why jewel owners
can now receive our special jewel
carrying case
it's got plenty of space for your jewel
device and up to four jewel pods with
enough room left over for a sandwich in
a milk carton lunchbox gang anyone
disagree it's a jewel carrying case
yellow red pink green blue black those
are the exact colors of the Power
Rangers we want adults to use this one
adult in their right mind is gonna put
their jewel pods in a brightly colored
lunchbox next to a carton of milk I use
that for myself you use this as a jewel
carrying case yeah cool show it to me
show me yours did you use my kid to get
this glue back today the child took it
to school by accident whatever did he
think it was that's what I'm talking
about the things got lunch we're also
happy to announce our first foray into
long-form content with the release of
our new show just jewel about a hapless
guy who runs a jewel shop
okay that's not actually that bad so not
only is the children's cartoon but we
are flagrantly ripping off Pokemon
that's Pikachu squirtle Bulbasaur
Charmander and the exact font that's a
child technically he's full hundred and
seventy five years old then why did you
draw him like this do you understand how
we are pulling this with this government
we'd be all better off committing war
crimes than this level of copyright
infringement why are they making bedroom
eyes if we would Pikachu its art why
only inhale jewels when you can wear
jewel to comes with a free jewel device
this is a child's backpack that's an
adult backpack
look at me and say what you sad adult
backpack you're never walking again we
need up now for the advanced jewel
smoker we want to introduce our new
jewel spinners now you can suspend up to
five different tools in midair so the
flavor train never ends this this is for
babies feel like the flavor training
might end gang little kids get the
popcorn long and their soft little
squishy lungs and their dad feel like
that's last stop on the flavor train hog
hog what happened to this country
they're hard to get also make sure you
check out our first branded jewel
sleek black case this is actually this
is this is our actual brand guys this is
great okay check out our first
we're monsters hey it's hey oh you'd
like college humor and wanna support I
sign up for drop out for the low price
of a small bag of catnip you'll get
videos like this a whole week sooner so
chat with us live when the drop out
discord and get exclusive content like
dimension 20 they're honest are you my
freaking dad sign up for your free trial
today unless you hate fun which if you
do come to my party on Saturday
it won't be fun at all